Update 07-hosting.Rmd (#2)
rstudio/apis-plumber: 07-hosting.Rmd

Do keep in mind that when using load-balancing that it's not longer guaranteed that subsequent requests for a particular application will land on the same process. This means that if you maintain any state in your Plumber application (like a global counter, or a user's session state), you can't expect that to be shared across the processes that the user might encounter. There are at least three possible solutions to this problem:

 1. Use a more robust means of maintaining state. You could put the state in a database, for instance, that lives outside of your R processes and your Plumber processes could get and save their state externally.
 2. You could serialize the state to the user using [(encrypted) session cookies](#encrypted-cookies), assuming it's small enough. In this scenario, your workers would write data back to the user in the form of a cookie, then the user would include that same cookie in its subsequent requests. This works best if the state is going to be set rarely and read often (for instance, the cookie could be set when the user logs in, then read on each request to detect the identity of this user).

>  3. You can enable "sticky sessions" in the HAProxy load balancer. This would ensure that each user's traffic always gets routed to the same worker. The downside of this approach is that it will dSmall istribute traffic less evenly. You could end up in a situation in which you have 2 R processes for an application but 90% of your traffic is hitting one of them if it happens the users triggering the majority of the requests are all "stuck" to one particular worker.

Reviewer: Looks like a typo got added here.

>  3. You can enable "sticky sessions" in the HAProxy load balancer. This would ensure that each user's traffic always gets routed to the same worker. The downside of this approach is that it will dSmall istribute traffic less evenly. You could end up in a situation in which you have 2 R processes for an application but 90% of your traffic is hitting one of them if it happens the users triggering the majority of the requests are all "stuck" to one particular worker.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 3. You can enable "sticky sessions" in the HAProxy load balancer. This would ensure that each user's traffic always gets routed to the same worker. The downside of this approach is that it will distribute traffic less evenly. You could end up in a situation in which you have 2 R processes for an application but 90% of your traffic is hitting one of them if it happens the users triggering the majority of the requests are all "stuck" to one particular worker.
```
